Kind 0.8.1 devenv (#978)
openshift/hive: docs/developing.md

## Deploying with Kubernetes In Docker (kind)

[Kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind) can be used as a lightweight development environment for deploying and testing Hive. Currently, we support 0.8.1 version of Kind. The following instructions cover creating an insecure local registry (allowing for dramatically faster push/pull), and configuring your host OS, as well as the kind cluster to access it. This approch runs Hive in a container as you would in production, giving you the best coverage for manual testing.

This approach requires [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install). At present we do not have kind working with podman.

> Create a local insecure registry (if one does not already exist) and then a kind cluster named 'hive' to deploy to. You can create as many kind clusters as you need and you have sufficient RAM.

Reviewer: The part about sufficient RAM could use some grammatical work. I do not think that it is necessary to call out specifically RAM.
```suggestion
Create a local insecure registry (if one does not already exist) and then a kind cluster named 'hive' to deploy to. You can create multiple kind clusters. Each kind cluster needs a unique name, which is specified by the argument passed to the script.
```

```bash
./hack/create-kind-cluster.sh hive
```

`docker ps` should now show you a "registry" and a "hive" container running.
NOTE:  The following error will occur the first time you create your registry container, it is harmless and can be safely ignored.

```bash
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID        IMAGE                  COMMAND                  CREATED             STATUS              PORTS                                  NAMES
2756e565065a        kindest/node:v1.15.3   "/usr/local/bin/entr…"   29 hours ago        Up 29 hours         40393/tcp, 127.0.0.1:40393->6443/tcp   hive-control-plane
1dc8a3c59d84        registry:2             "/entrypoint.sh /etc…"   2 weeks ago         Up 8 days           0.0.0.0:5000->5000/tcp                 registry
```
Error response from daemon: container fcca36a26da5601d6453c0c53ab5909eb6ca8ffe42de0f8634dd7213f107cef0 is not connected to network kind
```

Configure kubectl/oc to talk to your new cluster:
`docker ps` should now show you a "registry" and a "hive" container running.

```bash

> export KUBECONFIG="$(kind get kubeconfig-path --name="hive")"

Reviewer 2: The new kind does not have `get kubeconfig-path` so also need to change the docs in Adopting clusterdeployments section

Author: Thanks, I replaced it with /path/to/admin/kubeconfig.

```bash
./hack/create-kind-cluster.sh cluster1

> bin/hiveutil create-cluster --base-domain=new-installer.openshift.com kind-cluster1 --adopt --adopt-admin-kubeconfig=/path/to/cluster/admin/kubeconfig get kubeconfig-path --name="cluster1") --adopt-infra-id=fakeinfra --adopt-cluster-id=fakeid

Reviewer: Remove the following.
```
get kubeconfig-path --name="cluster1")
```

Author: Arghhh sorry, updated again.
